Feat/selector editing (#5356)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/toolbar.md

Additionally, by clicking a specific action on an element, you can update or delete it.

## Editing the selector for an action

> When you select an element to create an action, PostHog will automatically generate a selector for that element. Computers are good at choosing unique selectors, but sometimes you might want to change it to something more meaningful. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you select an element to create an action, PostHog automatically generates a selector for that element. Computers are good at choosing unique selectors, but sometimes you might want to change it to something more meaningful. 
```

You can type a selector into the "Selector" field in the action creation modal to do this.

![The create action modal showing the selector text box being used to edit the selector](../images/tutorials/toolbar/type-it.gif)

> Or in the same modal click "Edit the selector" to use our CSS Selector picker to build the selector you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or in the same modal, click "Edit the selector" to use our element picker to build the selector you want.
```
